FP16 Extension Document (#2647)
gpuweb/gpuweb: extensions/fp16-in-shader-and-buffer.md

<!-- PR0 -->

# FP16 usages support (PR0)

> **Roadmap:** This draft extension is **on the standards track**. It is currently intended to be used in Web-compliant contexts, any user with a capable device will be able to use this extension to acquire the FP16 ability. 

Reviewer: Anything that's not described in the actual specs must not be exposed to the Web. So if we land this document, this should say something like:

```suggestion
**Roadmap:** This draft extension is **on the standards track**, but is a work in progress. User agents must not implement/expose these features until they are merged into the main specs.
```

Author: Done.
